Guys, have you really thought it through?
Make sure you're leaving, why don't you wait early?
Don't you want to die too?
6 times Gu Yazhu
So many brothers follow me
Do I also pull half of the supplies?
Are you confused when you bring your subordinates?
Brothers, since you are willing to follow me
I can't treat you badly either.
Everyone sends two nest heads.
An ocean
Okay okay done
Now the brothers are gone
Our brother is a bare commander
Don't rush to sing
Brothers
Anyone who wants to stay
I will send 10 yuan to each person for 5 days.
Add 10 kg of grain.
Add another 10 yuan a month from now on
There are meat buns for three meals a day
Are there any brothers who are willing to stay?
Does what you say count?
In the future, any brother who cannot receive money and food
Look at my head, I'm not leaving
Then I'm not leaving either.
I'll get it down too
I'm not leaving either
Good Wu start
Or do you have a way
Don't the brothers want to go?
He lied to you
How can he have so much food?
Since no one wants to believe it
It's so empty.
Xiao He took the money
10 more yuan per person
total
20 bucks ocean
Wow, that's a lot of money.
Come and get the money
The meat buns are open enough to eat today.